Update changelog (#287)
algoo/preview-generator: CHANGELOG.rst

Change log for Preview-generator
================================

----------
0.27 / TBD
----------

:warning: This release introduce many changes with two of the basic builders changed (image, pdf) and a new one added (raw).

Features
~~~~~~~~

> - deprecate Pillow and Imagemagick command line builder in favor of a new Wand builder #253
> - add Webp format support to the new Wand builder #273
> - replace the old pdf builder by a new poppler-utils based builder #192
> - add a new builder for raw using rawpy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- deprecate Pillow and Imagemagick command line builders in favor of a new Wand builder #253
- add WebP image format support to the new Wand builder #273
- replace the old PDF builder by a new poppler-utils based builder #192
- add a new builder for raw using rawpy
```

-----------------
0.26 / 2021-11-16
-----------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - enforce office mimetype supported by libreoffice to avoid unknown mimetype issues related to system specific configuration:  #283

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- enforce office mimetypes supported by LibreOffice to avoid unknown mimetype issues related to system specific configuration:  #283
```

-----------------
0.25 / 2021-10-19
-----------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- fix issue with inkscape builder as required:  #263

-----------------
0.24 / 2021-10-18
-----------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- add compatibility with inkscape v1: #263

-------------------
0.23 / 2021-06-29
-------------------

Features
~~~~~~~~

> - experimental gltf support : cc69ad08ef67517b04afe62d6ed58b2eb00ce9b8
> - builder have now a weight permitting to know which builder will be used if conflict exist: #237

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- experimental GLTF support: cc69ad08ef67517b04afe62d6ed58b2eb00ce9b8
- builders have now a weight permitting to know which builder will be used in case of conflict: #237
```

Reviewer 2: @inkhey in the list of features you have this: `deprecate Pillow and Imagemagick command line builders in favor of a new Wand builder #253`

Deprecating a builder is not a feature! You should reword your sentence, something like "new Wand-based builder #253 (which by the way deprecates Pillow and Imagemagick command line builders)

Reviewer 2: Same remark for `replace the old PDF builder by a new poppler-utils based builder #192` The feature is "new poppler-utils based builder (which replace old PDF builder)"

Author: Thanks for the advice, i changed the text.

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - many builders dependencies are now optionals : #235

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- many builders dependencies are now optional: #235
```

-------------------
0.22 / 2021-06-23
-------------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- many builders dependencies are now optionals : #235

-------------------
0.21 / 2021-06-22
-------------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - remove wand builder from default builders : #235

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- remove the wand builder from default builders: #235
```

-------------------
0.20 / 2021-06-10
-------------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - properly kill libreoffice if timeout reached : #231

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- properly kill LibreOffice if the timeout is reached: #231
```

-------------------
0.19 / 2021-05-24
-------------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - add python 3.9 support: #227

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add Python 3.9 support: #227
```

-------------------
0.18 / 2021-05-06
-------------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - fix pdf support with the new pivot code: #224

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix PDF support with the new pivot code: #224
```

-------------------
0.17 / 2021-04-30
-------------------

Fixed issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - improve preview generator by using pivot at the manager: #222

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- improve preview generator by using pivot in the manager: #222
```

Not sure to understand this sentence

Author: ```suggestion
- improve performances by using pivot in the manager: #222
```

> - improve performances by using pivot in the manager: #222

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- improve performance by using pivot in the manager: #222
```
